# nbdev_uv template


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

TODOs:

env

search for TODOs

for docs install quarto with link

LISCENCE

This file is autogenerated from `nbs/index.ipynb`. Change it and run
`nbdev_docs` inside your uv env to repopulate it with your own content.

## Getting started

- Make your own copy of this repo
- Search `TODO CHANGE` for all the places you need to replace with your
  own project’s details
  - stuff like docker/github actions need only be changed once you are
    ready to use them.
- delete the `nbdev_uv` sub_dir, your notebooks will be exported to a
  subdir that matches your project’s name

``` bash
# setup uv env
uv sync

# set up your python env to be the project's uv env, through your code editor.
# to do so manually ryn
source .venv/bin/activate

# to init precommit hooks, run
poe init
```

## Development

- Edit the notebooks in the `nbs` directory.
- To clean them, export them and sync your uv env, run `poe sync`

To see what other lifecycle hooks where implemented, run:

``` python
! poe
```

    Poe the Poet (version 0.39.0)

    Result: No task specified.

    Usage:
      poe [global options] task [task arguments]

    Global options:
      -h, --help [TASK]     Show this help page and exit, optionally supply a
                            task.
      --version             Print the version and exit
      -v, --verbose         Increase output (repeatable)
      -q, --quiet           Decrease output (repeatable)
      -d, --dry-run         Print the task contents but don't actually run it
      -C, --directory PATH  Specify where to find the pyproject.toml
      -e, --executor EXECUTOR
                            Override the default task executor
      -X, --executor-opt KEY[=VALUE]
                            Set executor configuration for this run.
      --ansi                Force enable ANSI output
      --no-ansi             Force disable ANSI output

    Configured tasks:
      init                  Initialise project, including precommit hooks
      clean                 Remove temporary files generated during build process
      test                  Run tests
      sync                  Cleans, lints and exports notebooks, syncs settings.ini and uv env
      pypi                  Build the package and publish to PyPI

Or read the `pyproject.toml` file.

## Env variables

Set up an env file in `.env.dev` with all your environment variables you
will need in your project in the repo’s root directory.

See `pyproject.toml` for how to add checks for env vars you might need
in your tests/CI.

## Documentation

To generate a doc site from your notebooks, follow [nbdev’s
documentation](https://nbdev.fast.ai/). Make sure you have
[Quarto](https://quarto.org/docs/get-started/) installed.

TODOs:

Intro+ link to nbdev

Uv

Poe

env

search for TODOs

for docs install quarto with link

LISCENCE
